docs: Documented SSL connectivity issues in the README (#3046)
kyma-project/busola: README.md

> **TIP:** To solve most of the problems with Busola development, clear the browser cache or do a hard refresh of the website.

> ### Connectivity issues with Busola against k3d cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connectivity Issues with Busola in a k3d Cluster
```

#### Symptom

> You are experiencing connectivity problems with Busola in Docker against a k3d cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are experiencing connectivity problems with Busola in Docker when using a k3d cluster.
```

#### Cause

> When the k3d cluster's API server is exposed on the `0.0.0.0` address on your machine, Busola in Docker interprets `0.0.0.0` as its internal Docker address, routing the requests to the wrong endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the k3d cluster's API Server is exposed on the `0.0.0.0` address on your machine, Busola in Docker interprets `0.0.0.0` as its internal Docker address, routing the requests to the wrong endpoint.
```

  ```bash
  docker run --rm -it --net=host --pid=host --name busola europe-docker.pkg.dev/kyma-project/prod/busola:latest
  ```

### SSL Certificate issue while connecting to the API Server

#### Symptom

> Busola run in Docker in macOS can't connect to the k3d cluster and there are errors in the container log, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run Busola in Docker on macOS, it can't connect to the k3d cluster. The container log contains the following errors:
```

```
Error [ERR_TLS_CERT_ALTNAME_INVALID]: Hostname/IP does not match certificate's altnames: Host: host.docker.internal. is not in the cert's altnames: DNS:k3d-k3s-default-server-0, DNS:k3d-k3s-default-serverlb, DNS:kubernetes, DNS:kubernetes.default, DNS:kubernetes.default.svc, DNS:kubernetes.default.svc.cluster.local, DNS:localhost, IP Address:0.0.0.0, IP Address:10.43.0.1, IP Address:127.0.0.1, IP Address:172.28.0.3, IP Address:0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1
```

#### Cause

Busola run in a Docker container with env variable `DOCKER_DESKTOP_CLUSTER=true` replaces the IP `0.0.0.0` in the API Server URL with a `host.docker.internal`. Kubernetes is not aware of that host name, so its API Server doesn't have it in the SSL certificate, which results in the above error.

> Furthermore, this behavior has changed in the recent [k3d](https://k3d.io/) versions, which is a result of [this fix](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/commit/aa76942d0fcb23dd02c25aa7a0dfb96b6b915fa5) for [this security issue](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/security/advisories/GHSA-m4hf-6vgr-75r2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, this behavior has changed in the recent k3d versions, which is a result of [this fix](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/commit/aa76942d0fcb23dd02c25aa7a0dfb96b6b915fa5) for [this security issue](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/security/advisories/GHSA-m4hf-6vgr-75r2).
```
